Fix inaccuracies in serverless security FAQ (#15821)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/serverless-faqs.md

### Is my cluster secure?

> Yes, we authenticate each cluster internally using certificate authorities, and all connections to the cluster over the internet use TLS 1.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, intra-cluster communications are secured using certificates, and all connections to the cluster over the internet use TLS 1.3.
```

### What certificates do I need to connect to my cluster?

> All connections to {{ site.data.products.serverless }} require SSL encryption. When connecting to your cluster using the CockroachDB SQL client or many drivers and ORMs, you don't need to download a root certificate and configure your client to use that certificate because the client will connect using the system root certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All connections to {{ site.data.products.serverless }} require SSL encryption. When connecting to your cluster using the CockroachDB SQL client or many drivers and ORMs, you don't need to download a root CA certificate and configure your client to use that certificate because the client will connect using the system root CA certificates.
```

> However, some drivers and ORMs don't use the system root certificates. In those cases, you need to download a root certificate file and configure your client to use that certificate when connecting to your cluster. You can [download the certificate](connect-to-a-serverless-cluster.html?filters=connection-string#step-2-connect-to-your-cluster) by following the instructions in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. Configure your client to use this certificate (for example, by setting `sslrootcert=<path to the root certificate>` in your connection string) and to use SSL (for example, by setting `sslmode=verify-full` in your connection string) to connect to your cluster. We recommend using `sslmode=verify-full` so that your cluster is not vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some drivers and ORMs don't use the system root CA certificates. In those cases, you need to download a root CA certificate and configure your client to use that certificate to verify the cluster's identity when connecting to it. You can [download the root CA certificate](connect-to-a-serverless-cluster.html?filters=connection-string#step-2-connect-to-your-cluster) by following the instructions in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. Configure your client to use this certificate (for example, by setting `sslrootcert=<path to the root CA certificate>` in your connection string) and to use SSL (for example, by setting `sslmode=verify-full` in your connection string) to connect to your cluster. We recommend using `sslmode=verify-full` so that your cluster is not vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks.
```

### Is my cluster secure?

Yes, intra-cluster communications are secured using certificates, and all connections to the cluster over the internet use TLS 1.3.

### What certificates do I need to connect to my cluster?

All connections to {{ site.data.products.serverless }} require SSL encryption. When connecting to your cluster using the CockroachDB SQL client or many drivers and ORMs, you don't need to download a root CA certificate and configure your client to use that certificate because the client will connect using the system root CA certificates.

> However, some drivers and ORMs don't use the system root CA certificates. In those cases, you need to download a root CA certificate and configure your client to use that certificate to verify the cluster's identity when connecting to it. You can [download the root CA certificate](connect-to-a-serverless-cluster.html?filters=connection-string#step-2-connect-to-your-cluster) by following the instructions in the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console. Configure your client to use this certificate (for example, by setting `sslrootcert=<path to the root CA certificate>` in your connection string) and to use SSL (for example, by setting `sslmode=verify-full` in your connection string) to connect to your cluster. We recommend using `sslmode=verify-full` so that your cluster is not vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks.

Reviewer 2: The uses of the term "connection string" in this paragraph could link to https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/connection-parameters.html#additional-connection-parameters which has all of the `ssl*` params listed

- Data stored in clusters running in GCP are encrypted-at-rest using [persistent disk encryption](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks#pd_encryption).

> - Data stored in clusters running in AWS are encrypted-at-rest using [EBS encryption-at-rest](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data stored in clusters running in AWS are encrypted-at-rest using [EBS encryption](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html).
```

> Because we are relying on the cloud provider's encryption implementation (as noted above), we do not enable CockroachDB's [internal implementation of encryption-at-rest](../{{site.current_cloud_version}}/security-reference/encryption.html#encryption-at-rest-enterprise).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As noted above, we are relying on the cloud provider's encryption implementation. We do not enable CockroachDB's [internal implementation of encryption-at-rest](../{{site.current_cloud_version}}/security-reference/encryption.html#encryption-at-rest-enterprise).
```
